polish for initial submit (#5)
thomas-fossati/draft-ftbs-rats-msg-wrap: draft-ftbs-rats-msg-wrap.md

# Conceptual Message Wrapper Encodings

Two types of RATS Conceptual Message Wrapper (CMW) are specified in this
document:

1.) a CMW using a CBOR or a JSON array ({{type-n-val}})

2.) a CMW based on CBOR tags ({{cbor-tag}}).

## CMW Array {#type-n-val}

> The CMW Array illustrated in {{fig-cddl}} is composed of two members:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CMW array illustrated in {{fig-cddl}} is composed of two members:
```

* type: ether a text string representing a media-type {{-media-types}} or an
  unsigned integer corresponding to a CoAP Content-Format {{-coap}}

> * value: the RATS conceptual message serialized according to the

Reviewer: the CMW is the whole she-bang, not just the value.

{: #fig-cddl artwork-align="left"
   title="CDDL definition"}

## CMW CBOR Tags {#cbor-tag}

CBOR Tags used as CMW are derived from CoAP Content Format values.

> If a CoAP Content Format exists for a RATS conceptual message, the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a CoAP Content Format exists for a CMW, the
```

Reviewer: mmm, it's really the fact that a content format is defined for the top-level "conceptual message" that enables the automatic CBOR tagging.
